When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I want to share my committed work with other people and when I want to put it on the cloud ensuring that it is in a safer place allowing me to clone my work in another machines.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I might want to always pull changes manually because a remote repository can be used by several users. So if it was automatic, some conflicts may occur with my local version.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Branches: create a new workflow from your current project.
    Forks: branches in GitHub between users.
    Clones: copy a project from GitHub to your local repository.

    Usage:
    - Forks: when you want to use a project by another user in Github
    - Branches: when you want to work in a new feature
    - Clones: when you want to copy a project from YOUR GitHub repository to your local repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    When you have a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally you know whether your current work is updated or not updated with the remote repository. So if your last commit with the remote repository is behind your current commit, it means that you need to pull and after to push your work at GitHub keeping your work updated with the remote repository. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without using Git or GitHub would be harder to solve conflicts, merge codes and make backups. I don't know anything easier without Git and GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Mainly when we want to colaborate with other people using GitHub. Making changes in a separate branch allow me to push my branch and to do a pull request asking to another people to check my branch. If everything is ok he will merge it with the master branch in GitHub. If it is not, the user could leave me a comment. So I ll see the comment, make the corrections and ask again to merge with the master and so on. So making branches let me to do my own work and to colaborate with other users. It also gives me more freedom to do what I want to do.
